Update fail2ban.md (#666)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/networking/fail2ban.md

```bash
sudo fail2ban-regex /path_to_logs/*.log /etc/fail2ban/filter.d/jellyfin.conf --print-all-matched
```

> ### optional steps for systemd and nftables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optional steps for systemd and nftables
```

Systemd users like Debian or Ubuntu currently require some additional configs for fail2ban to work.
Change the file /etc/fail2ban/jail.d/defaults-debian.conf to:

```bash
[sshd]
enabled = true
backend=systemd

[DEFAULT]
banaction = nftables
banaction_allports = nftables[type=allports]
```

> Without the telling the sshd jail to use systemd as a backend, fail2ban won't even start. The banaction is to send the bans to nftables instead of unused iptables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without telling the sshd jail to use systemd as a backend, fail2ban won't even start. The `banaction` is set to send the bans to nftables instead of unused iptables.
```

Is this really still necessary on recent Debian/Ubuntu systems?

Author: It definitely does still not work out of the box, but I don't know what the best solution for that would be. See last entry here:
https://github.com/fail2ban/fail2ban/discussions/3575

> And without adding the banaction default, fail2ban will try to use iptables that got replaced by nftables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a similar manner, without adding the `banaction` default, fail2ban will try to use iptables that got replaced by nftables.
```
